I'm sorry, Robbie.
Sorry to be late this morning, but, uh, well, we've still got some time for a cup of coffee.
I can't wait to see my old pal Charlie Rayford. Neither can I.
So you thought about it, huh?
Yes, I have, Dad.
Well, I'm glad. I knew you'd realize that this interview could be an important experience for you.
I came to that conclusion.
That's very wise, Robbie.
Very wise.
Now let's, uh, let's head off to the City of University Club.
Thanks, Dad. Thanks.
For what?
Thanks for hearing me out.
And...
And thanks for being such an understanding, Father.
Well, thank you, Robbie.
Thank you.
Hello, Stuart.
It's great to see you.
Charlie Rayford?
You look as young as ever.
You must be Robbie.
All right.
Yes, this is my younger son, Robbie.
Robbie, I want you to meet one of the best tennis players on the Michigan team.
Charlie Rayford. Nice to meet you, Dean Rayford.
Well, he was good at tennis players, your dad.
Now, I'm not very good at it.
Frankly, neither was I.
Charlie was a story of the team.
Thanks.
Well, have you been, Philip?
Oh, working too hard.
Doesn't show?
How's Ellen?
Fine, thank you.
And how's March?
She's still giving the toughest English history exams in the school.
And loving every minute of it.
And speaking of minutes, I have interviews until noon, so why don't we get right to work?
Can you, uh, can you have lunch with this later?
I'd love to have felt but I'm afraid I can't.
I'm only here two days and I have interviews with 26 applicants.
I understand.
Well, thanks.
I'll, uh, I'll wait outside.
Good luck, son.
Did you bring your transcript from high school?
Yes, sir.
Right here.
Thank you.
Please sit down.
I see under activities that you've been writing for the school paper.
Yes, sir.
What kind of articles have you written?
All kinds.
Sports, um, editorials, theater reviews.
You name it.
I've written it.
Hmm.
Well, have you ever thought of becoming a journalist?
Professional writer?
Not until recently.
Michigan is a fine school of journalism.
Yes, I know that.
You seem to have some reservations.
I'm a little uncertain.
And it's been very nice talking to you.
Nice talking to you, sir.
One piece of advice.
The most important thing is for you to decide your own future.
Yes, sir.
Goodbye, Dean Raffer.
Goodbye, Robbie.
Good luck.